How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?


i was able to see the two versions of files with a difference between them in line by line.
it also improved my effieciency,effectivity in finding bugs between files/versions of a file.
 


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?


im able to see what changes were made,when they were made and how they each change the program.
im also able to perform restoration of a file to a previous version that may have worked better then.

 


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
pros

   
-the commit list is not too long and too jammed up
-commits are made with logical improvements,rather than many commits with litle or no improvements
-commits can e viewed offline on your computer
cons
_sometimes acommit may be made too late or too early,thus producing a version quite hard to spot a major logical 
change or many commits with less logical difference 
__



Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   
--because some files are interlinked such that a change in file would make a big logical change in another
therefore changes should be made analysed together.
other version control systems like google docs, dont usually hold versions of files interlinked to each other and are not designed
for purposes such as version controls for code.
--git uses commits which can capture every change in the repository,the google docs just captures achange in a particular file.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   
-git log can be used to view the commit history of a file,i.e,showing the varius versions of the file,with info of who made an edition and when
   git log syntax is 
              git log directory_name
-git diff is helpful in checking the difference/comparing two files, to find the changes made in between.
  git diff syntax is
    git diff commit1 commit2




How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
 could break something?

   
-there is a gurantee of being able to revert to your old version,or better still of being able to track down the source of error.



Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    
-i want to try using it for the website am creating currently.

-im also eager to start using it in every project im going to get involved in.
